Solving one of the most pressing needs and challenges . Track accessiblity tool to track data from the farm. 
Auto mate a number of key essential services to the farmers , prvoding a farmer wallet, which is able to cut down the payment period from 90 days to just a single minute. 
unloack new credit lines for the farmers.

Also provide market linkages to the farmers to make sure whatever they produce they are able to to get it to a ready market. 

Increase 30% of their income, yields.

Africa is the highest growing continent in terms of population. by 2050 the population of Africa will be about 2.5 billion people. that means the food production capacity will not be the same anymore it has to go up. only a small percentage of total commercial credit goes to the farmers. 

Also helping farmers to be compliant to standards they are required to export product 

Hedera Network.
A partener to help the company scale and has low latency levels. Very high transactional. 
talking about being able to run credit scores for farmers, make transactions to farmers. being able to link the farmers to the buyers. 

How shamba records is using Hedera:
1. onChange tracebaility, Hedera filing system each and every collection is backed up by a blockchain Id. You can trace from the source to the market.
2. providing the farmer Wallet, the farmers can get instant payment, and cut the period of their payment from 90 days to just 1 minute. 
3. Exposing the farmers to the carbon credit markets. so Hedera is helping verify the origin of those carbon credits.

Shamba records uses stable coins to avoid all the fluctuations to make sure the farmer is able to receive what they are supposed to receive. 

Shamba records main goal is to solve the farmers needs first of all. 

Final goal is to be able to provide a hyper local solution. They can be able to access a solution even offline. They dont need to have a smartphone. They dont need to understand that blockchain is running the engine. At the end of the day we dont need something sooo beatiful if it cant help the most common farmer. is the famrer able to increase his or her income. 

RIght now running the compaing the farmer coupons. 

 technology like AI and blockchain for services such as microloans, crop insurance, and market access for farmers. 

